the Asus Padfone x4 AT&T ships in a
large carrier branded box inside it you
can find a tablet dock the device itself
some booklets
charger and USB cable and um original
Asus and sweet headset visually the
bat-phone necks have the same design
line which has the rest of the PadFone
family the only major difference for the
AT&T headset is the presence of
on-screen buttons and a lack of the
circular pattern which the platform and
devices have been well known for in the
past instead the ATT version is finished
in a matte black plastic the docking
station functionality of the Asus
Padfone NEX is straightforward the
handset slides into the docking station
from the back the docking station itself
features a nine inch IPS display with a
resolution of 1920 by 1200 pixels it's a
fairly high resolution so images look
nice and crisp
you furthermore the docking station has
its own battery which is only a tad
smaller than 5000 mili amperes it costs
in at four thousand nine hundred and
ninety milli amperes one thing that's
worth noting on the on the docking
station is that for a nine inch set up
it has substantial bevels especially by
today standards where bezels tend to be
on almost disappearing this makes it
slightly bulky but we do explain this
with with the docking mechanism which is
quite thick understandably so finally
one more feature of the docking station
which is worth noting is the presence of
dual stereo speakers on its site the
presence of the speakers make the setup
very useful for consuming multimedia
content of all sorts particularly videos
music and gaming as well out of the box
the Asus Padfone explains the latest
Android 4.4.2 kitkat the manufacturer
has added its own custom user interface
though the overall setup is similar to
stock Android